Testing approch - 
We tested the game in "end-to-end" approch, meaning each test is game, with two players and a board, 
the test is running the game and check that the output is what should happen according to the rules.
This method allowed us to test multiple aspects and features of the game and check functuallity all together.
Since we didn't designed the project for unit testing, we struggled to check each functuallity alone so end-to-end tests were very usefull.

The tests starts with very simple cases and evolve into more complex games, to do soWe created some players that are not reasonable,
for example "RotatingPlayer" only stays in place and rotating, "SimplePlayer" only moves forward and "SecondPlayer" only shoot.

At first, we decided to build the game part by part and run tests after each part, as soon as possible.
We started by creating a game with no shell at all and only forward movement,
after that we immidetly checked movement of tank, collision of them with all objects and the simple game flow.
After that we handled backward movement and rotating.
Inputs 1,2,3 allowed us to ensure that this very basic functuallity works fine and continue safly to handle shells.

Then it was time to hanle shooting and shell movement,
when we finished that we created Inputs 4,5,6 because we didn't have the complex players yet but we needed to make sure what we wrote works.

These tests allowed us to continue working on the players, 
after creating the defensive and offensive players we used Inputs 7,8,9,10 to ensure they work properly and to check the game complitly with all features.



Input 2 - both players are moving forward towards each other, should collide and game finish with tie
Input 3 - both players are moving forward, 1 should get to the border and jump to the other side, 2 will go over the mine and explode, 1 wins
Input 4 - both players are shooting at each other, shell should always collide, players continue to shoot until they run out of shells and game finish with tie. make sure players wait 4 turns before shooting again
Input 5 - player 1 shoot and player 2 do nothing, shell should hit player 2, player 1 wins
Input 6 - player 1 move forward and hitting the wall, player 2 shoot, wall should be destoried after 2 hits and player 1 should move until shell hits him
Input 7 - player 2 is offensive and player 1 just rotating, player 2 should move until it can shoot from digonal and win 
Input 9 - player 2 is offensive and player 1 is defensive. tank 2 should shoot towards 1, shell will wrap around and hit him. player2 wins.
Input 10 - player 2 is offensive and player 1 is defensive. Long game until player2 manages to shoot on player 1 and win.

Games that are going to run forever (should run alone and stopped manually)
Input 1 - both players stays in place (just rotating), game should run forever
Input 8 - player1 is defensive player2 is offensive. player2 fails to shoot at 1 and game runs forever.
